hey y'all I'm just going to be showing
you how I make my sea salt scrub it's a
great exfoliator and what most people
don't know is that exfoliating it's
really important exfoliating gets rid of
all the dead skin cells that you might
have left over on the outermost layer of
your skin it actually renews your skin
in a way and it makes it makes it
lighter so it pretty much lightens your
skin not like bleaching or anything but
it just like naturally lightens it so
that you have a pretty much all over
even skin tone and the exfoliator that I
make is really inexpensive most of the
ingredients that I put in mine you can
actually just find in your pantry at
home this is kind of what it looks like
I've used a lot of it it's really easy
to make this exfoliator is really good
for using on your face and your body it
is safe to use I will use it mainly on
my face in my underarms because I know
that I would have a few dark spots on my
forehead I'm actually going to try to
find a picture that I have I did reset
my iPhone so I don't know if I still
have it I can show you like a before and
after like this is my after but before I
literally had was so dark right here and
then I had like four pimples probably
even more than that it's so important
you guys and if you're just one of those
girls that have dark underarms it is
best to invest in an exfoliator or make
your own like I'm about to show you how
to do because it really will help
lighten your underarms and I know a lot
of girls are like cool darker skin girls
that do have that issue it kind of makes
me feel insecure because you have dark
arms and underarms and you want to you
know you want to go to the beach and you
want to be able to wave your arms in the
air you want to be able to do whatever
and you can't because you have an issue
with dark underarms it's okay
this I swear it works it's not just
going to autumn you're not going to have
like white armpits after you use it like
the first time you have to continually
use it and it also works very well if
you clean your body first obviously and
then exfoliate because you don't want to
exfoliate on dirty skin if that makes
sense because that's really doing
nothing for you so make sure you clean
your skin first and then right after use
your exfoliator and you just want to
apply it in like a circular motion like
wherever your exfoliating app and if you
are using this under your underarms and
you do want to see improvement and your
skin is very important that you do
not use a razor to shave you want to get
waxed I know everyone thinks waxing is
painful but actually after you do it
like the first a second time it's just
it's not that big of a deal okay all
let's get started on our exfoliant
materials that you will need are some
sort of jar to hold your exfoliant and
I'm using a ball jar that I purchased
from Target you're going to need some
pure honey extra virgin olive oil a
lemon natural sea salt and you will also
need a spoon for mixing okay so what I
did was I had already poured my sea salt
half way filling the jar and I'm just
taking my spoon and honey and I'm going
to pour the honey into the salt and mix
it together I don't have a set amount of
honey that I mix in the salt I kind of
just keep pouring in honey until the
mixture is even if that makes sense you
want your mixture to be the consistency
of like oatmeal like you want it you
don't want your oatmeal too thick and
you don't want it too runny
so now I'm just going to keep mixing
and of course my princess is trying to
jump up here because she thinks that I'm
making food for her but it's not she's a
little greedy thing she needs to get
down and now I'm just taking the lemon
and I'm cutting it in half you do not
need a whole lemon for this
so now I'm just squeezing some of the
lemon juice into the jar I'm not using a
whole lot of this because lemon does dry
out your skin a bit if you use too much
I'm taking my extra virgin olive oil and
my spoon you only need a tiny bit of
this so only a spoonful and just mix
that in
this is what your scrubs should look
like it does have a pretty thick
consistency but it's not too thick and
it's not too runny you see how easy that
was we're done now I'm just going to lid
on and now you have your sea salt scrub
I like this because all this ladies like
this